(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] All right.
Now, it's time for the completion of the service
and the solution to that challenge exercise.
We're going to do this one just a little bit different.
I want you to navigate
to localhost:8080/room-reservations?date=2020-01-01.
What I want you to see is if in this first element
you get Roy Adams, you've implemented it correctly.
If not, this is your opportunity
to go implement it before you see the answer.
If you're still with me,
we're going to go take a look at the answer to this problem.
I'm going to start with the reservation service
and we're going to look, first of all, at the repository.
So what I did here was I added on line 10 an interval
method using spring data.
That takes a date, object in,
and it gets all reservations for a date.
I then added a similar method
to the web services that surrounds that.
And what I did was I took the existing get reservations
online 22 and added an optional request parameter.
And that request perimeter was a date element.
And if the data's not null, then I call the final by date .
Otherwise I call find all, not way.
I kind of have a little bit of flexibility there.
So now let's jump into the room reservation service.
So I had to go implement all of my domain objects.
So I've got a guest, a reservation,
and the room that we did before,
I also implemented a feign client for each one of them.
So there's my guests client, my reservation client.
You'll notice that I carried forward that date
because we need to be able to pass that across.
And then in my web service is the last section of changes,
so what I did starting down here at line 59
was I created a simple function to take a date string
and converted into a Java.util date.
Now I could have done this as Java sequel date,
but that didn't really feel right.
And I'm not really even sure about passing the sequel date
across to any of those barriers.
But for right now it works fine.
So I convert that string into a date object.
Back up here in the get room reservations method,
you'll notice on line 34 that I take a date object
in also require being false.
That is a date string.
I take that date string and create a date object.
I still am getting all of the rooms
but now I create a map
and that map is the room ID
and then the room reservation.
You're going to use that map
and I populate it from all of the rooms.
So I populate the map with all the room data.
Now since I have the rooms
I can then go take a look and see what reservations exist
for a given date and that's online 45
I go through each of those reservations.
And if the reservation exists,
there will be a room and I take and I populate the room
based on getting the data from the map,
filling out all of the guest information at that point
with the call of the guest client.
And then I return it as an array list.
And in doing so, I get the data that I expect.
So that's the quick and dirty run through of that solution.
And I hope you find that one a little bit more challenging.
There was a few bits and pieces to run through,
but I also hope that you see the power of feign
when dealing with the distributed microservices architecture
especially when you're dealing
with the cloud native infrastructure